# Plus One

## Problem Statement

You are given a large integer represented as an integer array `digits`, where each `digits[i]` is the ith digit of the integer. The digits are ordered from most significant to least significant in left-to-right order. The large integer does not contain any leading 0's.

Increment the large integer by one and return the resulting array of digits.

## Examples

### Example 1

- **Input:**
  - `digits = [1,2,3]`
- **Output:**
  - `[1,2,4]`
- **Explanation:**
  - The array represents the integer 123.
  - Incrementing by one gives 123 + 1 = 124.
  - Thus, the result should be `[1,2,4]`.

### Example 2

- **Input:**
  - `digits = [4,3,2,1]`
- **Output:**
  - `[4,3,2,2]`
- **Explanation:**
  - The array represents the integer 4321.
  - Incrementing by one gives 4321 + 1 = 4322.
  - Thus, the result should be `[4,3,2,2]`.

### Example 3

- **Input:**
  - `digits = [9]`
- **Output:**
  - `[1,0]`
- **Explanation:**
  - The array represents the integer 9.
  - Incrementing by one gives 9 + 1 = 10.
  - Thus, the result should be `[1,0]`.

## Constraints

- `1 <= digits.length <= 100`
- `0 <= digits[i] <= 9`
- `digits` does not contain any leading 0's.

## Solution

### Approach

1. **Check the Last Digit**:
   - If the last digit is not 9, simply increment the last digit by 1 and return the array.
   
2. **Handle Carry-Over**:
   - If the last digit is 9, iterate from the end of the array to handle the carry-over.
   - Set each 9 to 0 until a digit less than 9 is found, which is then incremented by 1.
   
3. **Handle Overflow**:
   - If all digits are 9, create a new array with an extra digit, set the first digit to 1, and the rest to 0.

### Code

```java
class Solution {
    public int[] plusOne(int[] digits) {
        final int len = digits.length;
        if(digits[len-1] != 9) {
            digits[len-1] = digits[len-1] + 1;
            return digits; 
        } else {
            for(int i = len-1; i >= 0; i--) {
                if(digits[i] < 9) {
                    digits[i]++;
                    return digits;
                }
                digits[i] = 0;
            }
            digits = new int[len + 1];
            digits[0] = 1;
            return digits;
        }
    }
}
